[VEN-2225] RedStone oracle in the documentation (#126)
VenusProtocol/venus-protocol-documentation: technical-reference/contracts-overview.md

[ChainLinkOracle](https://github.com/VenusProtocol/oracle/blob/main/contracts/oracles/ChainlinkOracle.sol) is the primary oracle. If a token isn't support by Chainlink then prices will be fetched from a secondary oracle.

[**RedStoneOracle**](https://redstone.finance/)

> [RedstoneOracle](https://docs.redstone.finance/docs/smart-contract-devs/get-started/redstone-classic) is used in the Classic model (Chainlink-compatible interface) as a pivot oracle to validate prices returned by primary and secondary oracles. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[RedstoneOracle](https://docs.redstone.finance/docs/smart-contract-devs/get-started/redstone-classic) is used in the Classic model (Chainlink-compatible interface) as a pivot oracle to validate prices returned by main and fallback oracles. 
```
